The most difficult part of my training was physical training. PT, and
exercise is not one of my fortes and I hated it, and I still hate it.
So that's the most difficult part of all of my military training and
upkeep. But the one good thing about the military's it does make
sure you don't get out of line very much with your weight and your fitness.
So even a day even though and no longer active in the military
I get up every morning and walk a couple miles, kept my weight pretty
much down, a little over, I probably should be two twenty I'm really
about two thirty five. But you know that keep it down to, but
that's that's difficult. Intellectually their training system is that,
they trained you well they give you a lot of legs up to make sure
you're doing alright. Training's good.